README.md, before:

# Knowledge Cafe

A React-based knowledge sharing platform where users can browse through blog posts, bookmark their favorites, and track reading time.

## 🌐 Live Demo
**[View Live Site](https://animated-taste.surge.sh/)**

## ✨ Features
- Browse through a collection of blog posts
- Bookmark articles for later reading
- Track total reading time for bookmarked articles
- Responsive design with modern UI
- Built with React and styled with Tailwind CSS

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **React** - Frontend framework
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** - Programming language

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation
1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/newbie-saimur/knowledge-cafe-react.git
cd knowledge-cafe-react
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:5173`

## 📝 Available Scripts
- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## 📂 Project Structure
```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── Header/
│   ├── Blog/
│   ├── Blogs/
│   ├── Bookmark/
│   └── Bookmarks/
├── assets/
└── ...
```

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License
This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance project description and live demo link visibility

README.md, after:

# Knowledge Cafe

🌐 **[Live Demo - Click Here to View](https://animated-taste.surge.sh/)**

A React-based knowledge sharing platform where users can browse through blog posts, bookmark their favorites, and track reading time. Experience the live application by visiting the demo link above!

## ✨ Features
- Browse through a collection of blog posts
- Bookmark articles for later reading
- Track total reading time for bookmarked articles
- Responsive design with modern UI
- Built with React and styled with Tailwind CSS

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **React** - Frontend framework
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** - Programming language

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation
1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/newbie-saimur/knowledge-cafe-react.git
cd knowledge-cafe-react
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:5173`

## 📝 Available Scripts
- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## 📂 Project Structure
```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── Header/
│   ├── Blog/
│   ├── Blogs/
│   ├── Bookmark/
│   └── Bookmarks/
├── assets/
└── ...
```

## 🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License
This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
